[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> On a new episode
of "Crystals,"
it has been said that sacred
geometry is the language
of the universe.
Crystals, as perfected
geometric forms,
are a prime example of
the underlying blueprint
of balance, symmetry, and order.
This week on Gaia,
can the ways in which
crystals are formed
by the Earth tell us
what they are best used for?
>>On "Open Minds"
with Regina Meredith.
>>WILLIAM HENRY: We're
all capable of suiting up
here and transcending and
defeating these lower entities.
And in so doing, we become
higher beings ourselves.
>> On "Beyond Belief"
with George Noory.
>>JASON BADGETT: The way that
reality works is so much more
interesting and intricate
than what, I think, most
people would have imagined.
>> Only on Gaia.